add note about context of script approval (#5206)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/doc/book/managing/script-approval.adoc

method outside of the built-in list is invoked, the Script Security plugin will
check the Administrator-managed list of approved scripts and methods.

[IMPORTANT]
====

> A Script is approved for the use anywhere in Jenkins and is not tied to a specific job or other specific of the script.

Author: ```suggestion
A script is approved for the use anywhere in Jenkins and is not tied to a specific job or any other specific use of the script.
```

> A script is approved for the use anywhere in Jenkins and is not tied to a specific job or any other specific use of the script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A script is approved for the use in any Jenkins feature and plugin that integrates with script approval and is not tied to a specific job or any other specific use of the script.
```

An attempt to be more explicit about this not just being a Pipeline thing. While this is mentioned further up on the page, better to phrase it to remind folks about it.
